While creating Presto, we made sure to include accessibility principles in our mind to ensure that everyone can access the site as best as we can make it. 

A few aspects that we included in Presto are:

Alternative Text:
We use descriptive alt text for all of our icons and also the option to add alt text to your own slide shows. When you add an image or video, you can also add alt text, so if your photo does not load, an alt text will appear and you will still know what the image description is. 

Accessible Forms:
With our forms, for example the login and register user pages, we've implemented accessible form elements, labels, and error messages to provide clear guidance and feedback for users using our site. This assists all users in completing tasks accurately and effectivly. 

Easy to read design/Color Contrasts:
On our site, all the colors and designs made were meant to be readable for all users, including those with visual impairments. All of our colors are also made with text and meaning, so lessen any confusion when creating a slide show (ex. deleting and removing is red, adding and navigating is in blue). 

Scalable sizes: 
We've also made sure to have a user centered design, so when you zoom in and out, the fonts and elements will also scale in a way that makes things easy to read and see, while retaining correct layouts and content. This allows users to view as they please. Using bootstrap we were able to create responsive design that works as expected on mobile.

Navbar:
Considering the navbar has numerous buttons that are cruical to site use, we created a collapsable hamburger style button to access these features at any time during editing. This button only shows on mobile, when navabr space is compromised, in turn ensuring access to these needed features. 


